#7165 clean up configs for externalized datadir and documentation update (#8522)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/developer-guide/release.md

  - [ ] for http_proxy, check if [here](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/proxy/http_proxy) is present the version specified in the [release calendar 2022](https://github.com/geosolutions-it/MapStore2/wiki/MapStore-Releases-2022)
- [ ] If major release (YYYY.XX.00), create a branch `YYYY.XX.xx`  (`xx` is really `xx`, example: 2018.01.xx)
- [ ] If major release
  - [ ] Change [MapStore2-QA-Build](http://build.geosolutionsgroup.com/view/MapStore/job/MapStore/view/MapStore%20QA/job/MapStore2-QA-Build/)
  to build the new branch, enable the job continuous deploy by updating the `branch` parameter in the build configuration page to `YYYY.XX.xx`
  
  Note that the job that run after this will inherit this change
- [ ] Check version in `package.json`. (as for semantic versioning the major have to be 0 until the npm package has not a stable API).
  - [ ] Take note of current version of mapstore in `package.json` in master branch, it should be in the form 0.x.0
  - [ ] If major release, make pr and merge on master **0.&lt;x-incremented&gt;.0**
  - [ ] if minor release, make pr and merge on stable YYYY.XX.xx **0.x.&lt;number-of-minor-version&gt;**

> - [ ] Create a milestone on GitHub with the same name of the release (vYYYY.XX.xx)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Create a milestone on GitHub with the same name of the release, without `v` (`YYYY.XX.xx`)
```

- [ ] Optional - prepare a PR for updating release procedure
- [ ] Close this issue

> - [ ] Close the related milestone **vYYYY.XX.mm**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Close the related milestone **YYYY.XX.mm**
```
